Update tech-implementation.md (#4089)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/rbac/tech-implementation.md

# Technical Implementation

> [Roles](https://jupyterhub.readthedocs.io/en/stable/rbac/roles.html#roles) are stored in the database, where they are associated with users, services, groups and tokens. Roles can be added or modified as explained in the {ref}`define-role-target` section. Users, services, groups, and tokens can gain, change, and lose roles. This is currently achieved via `jupyterhub_config.py` (see {ref}`define-role-target`) and will be made available via API in the future. The latter will allow for changing a token's role, and thereby its permissions, without the need to issue a new token.

Reviewer: We should use _internal_ markdown links, not full URLs:

```suggestion
[Roles](roles) are stored in the database, where they are associated with users, services, and groups. Roles can be added or modified as explained in the {ref}`define-role-target` section. Users, services, groups, and tokens can gain, change, and lose roles. This is currently achieved via `jupyterhub_config.py` (see {ref}`define-role-target`) and will be made available via API in the future. The latter will allow for changing a user's role, and thereby its permissions, without the need to restart JupyterHub.
```

When requesting a token via the tokens API (`/users/:name/tokens`), or the token page (`/hub/token`),
if no scopes are requested, the token is issued with the permissions stored on the default `token` role
(provided the requester is allowed to create the token).

OAuth tokens are also requested via OAuth flow

If the token is requested with any scopes, the permissions of requesting entity are checked against the requested permissions to ensure the token would not grant its owner additional privileges.

If a token has any scopes that its owner does not possess
at the time of making the API request, those scopes are removed.
The API request is resolved without additional errors using the scope _intersection_;
the Hub logs a warning in this case (see {ref}`Figure 2 <api-request-chart>`).

Resolving a token's scope (yellow box in {ref}`Figure 1 <token-request-chart>`) corresponds to resolving all the roles of the token's owner (including the roles associated with their groups) and the token's own scopes into a set of scopes. The two sets are compared (Resolve the scopes box in orange in {ref}`Figure 1 <token-request-chart>`), taking into account the scope hierarchy.

> If the token's scopes are a subset of the token owner's scopes, the token is issued with the requested scopes; if not, JupyterHub will throw an error.

Reviewer: Errors are raised in Python, not thrown:

```suggestion
If the token's scopes are a subset of the token owner's scopes, the token is issued with the requested scopes; if not, JupyterHub will raise an error.
```
